Add looking glass launch instructions (#2461)
alteryx/featuretools: release.md

- [All Github Actions Tests are green on main](https://github.com/alteryx/featuretools/actions?query=branch%3Amain).
- EvalML Tests are green with Featuretools main
  - [![Unit Tests - EvalML with Featuretools main branch](https://github.com/alteryx/evalml/actions/workflows/unit_tests_with_featuretools_main_branch.yaml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/alteryx/evalml/actions/workflows/unit_tests_with_featuretools_main_branch.yaml)

> - Looking Glass performance tests runs should not show any significant performance regressions when comparing the last commit on `main` with the previous release of Featuretools. See Step 1below for instructions on manually launching the performance tests runs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Looking Glass performance tests runs should not show any significant performance regressions when comparing the last commit on `main` with the previous release of Featuretools. See Step 1 below for instructions on manually launching the performance tests runs.
```

> - Looking Glass performance tests runs should not show any significant performance regressions when comparing the last commit on `main` with the previous release of Featuretools. See below for instructions on manually launching the performance tests runs. If performance regressions have been identified, review the results with the development team to decide on the proper course of action before proceeding with the release.

Reviewer: Let's be more explicit here. The person releasing has to kickoff the performance tests, and look at the results.

Author: I worded it this way because this is in a list of things to verify, not a list of actions for the person releasing to do. Do you think the action required will be clear enough if we move the detailed instructions to Step 1 in the release process?

If you'd like to create a development release, which won't be deployed to pypi and conda and marked as a generally-available production release, please add a "dev" prefix to the patch version, i.e. `X.X.devX`. Note this claims the patch number--if the previous release was `0.12.0`, a subsequent dev release would be `0.12.dev1`, and the following release would be `0.12.2`, _not_ `0.12.1`. Development releases deploy to [test.pypi.org](https://test.pypi.org/project/featuretools/) instead of to [pypi.org](https://pypi.org/project/featuretools).

> ## 1. Evaluate Looking Glass Performance Test Results

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 1. Evaluate Performance Test Results
```

2. A PR will be auto-created on the repo, and will need to be merged by an existing maintainer.
3. The new user will need to **check their email for an invite link to click**, which should be https://github.com/conda-forge

> ## Manually launching Looking Glass performance runs

Reviewer: Let's move this up, and make it one of the first steps to releasing.
